Restructure Private Networking page (#1534)
superfly/docs: networking/private-networking.html.md

This connectivity is always available to apps by default; you don't have to do anything special to get it.

You can connect apps running outside of Fly.io to your 6PN network using WireGuard; for that matter, you can connect your dev laptop to your 6PN network. To do that, you'll use flyctl, the Fly.io CLI, to generate a WireGuard configuration that has a 6PN address.

## Fly.io `.internal` DNS

A Fly Machine is configured to resolve domain names with a custom DNS server from the Fly Platform. This DNS server can resolve arbitrary DNS queries, so you can look up `google.com` with it. But it’s also aware of 6PN addresses, and will let you look up 6PN addresses for other apps in your organization. Those addresses live under the custom top-level domain `.internal`. You might want to use `.internal` domains to connect your app to databases, API servers, or other apps in your 6PN network.

> Underneath `.internal` there are second-level domains for every app in your Fly organization. For example, if your app is in an organization with another app called `random-potato-45`, then there will be a AAAA record at `random-potato-45.internal`. The AAAA record will contain *all* the 6PN addresses of the started Fly Machines that make up the `random-potato-45` Fly App. Note that different libraries and tools will use multi-address AAAA records differently; most will only use the first address that is returned, but others might round-robin between entries for every request -- if you'd like to know more, consult the documentation for the library or tool you are using for DNS lookup.

Reviewer: Curious why we'd use `random-potato-45` instead of `my-app-name` (since we're tending to standardize this usage throughout the docs)?

Author: Ha, not my idea! It was already there as an example, so for consistency I extended its use throughout the page. But I didn't know there was an even higher standard for all the docs. I'll switch to `my-app-name`.

|`<process_group>.process.<appname>.internal`|6PN addresses of<br> Machines in process<br> group for the app|none
|`<region>.<appname>.internal`|6PN addresses of<br> Machines in region<br> for the app|none
|`global.<appname>.internal`|alias for<br>`<appname>.internal`|none
|`regions.<appname>.internal`|none|comma-separated list<br> of region names where<br>Machines are deployed<br> for app|
|`<value>.<key>.kv._metadata.<appname>.internal`|6PN addresses of<br> Machines with<br> matching [metadata](https://community.fly.io/t/dynamic-machine-metadata/13115)|none|
|`_apps.internal`|none|comma-separated list<br> of the names of all apps<br> in current organization|
|`_peer.internal`|none|comma-separated list<br> of the names of all<br> WireGuard peers in<br> current organization|
|`<peername>._peer.internal`|6PN address of peer|none|
|`_instances.internal`|none|comma-separated list<br> of Machine ID, app name,<br>6PN address, and region for<br> all Machines in current<br> organization|

Examples of retrieving this information are in the [fly-examples/privatenet](https://github.com/fly-apps/privatenet) repository.

## Listening for connections on 6PN addresses

> When deploying a Fly Machine, we append to the Machine's `/etc/hosts` to alias the 6PN address of the Machine to `fly-local-6pn`.

Author: Not on product so I'm not certain, but I believe this is only once when creating the rootfs.

v6     	fdaa:0:22b7:0:1::3	private	global	just now
```

> You can also use Flycast to expose an app in one Fly organization to another Fly organization. If you want to expose services to another Fly.io organization you have access to, then use the `--org` flag.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can also use Flycast to expose an app in one Fly organization to another Fly organization by using the `--org` option when you allocate the Flycast address:
```
